If you didn't have baby clouds, you wouldn't have big clouds. We don't need any guidelines or formats. All we need to do is just let it flow right out of us. With practice comes confidence. Isn't it great to do something you can't fail at? You can bend rivers. But when I get home, the only thing I have power over is the garbage. Maybe there's a happy little Evergreen that lives here.

All kinds of happy little splashes. Let's build an almighty mountain. This is the time to get out all your flustrations, much better than kicking the dog around the house or taking it out on your spouse. Go out on a limb - that's where the fruit is. You gotta think like a tree.

These things happen automatically. All you have to do is just let them happen. We don't have to be committed. We are just playing here. Trees cover up a multitude of sins. Use what happens naturally, don't fight it. Talk to trees, look at the birds. Whatever it takes.

We have all at one time or another mixed some mud. A beautiful little sunset. This is an example of what you can do with just a few things, a little imagination and a happy dream in your heart.

It's all a game of angles. Maybe there's a happy little Evergreen that lives here. Once you learn the technique, ohhh! Turn you loose on the world; you become a tiger. Let's build an almighty mountain. With practice comes confidence. Let's have a nice tree right here.

We have no limits to our world. We're only limited by our imagination. Maybe there's a happy little waterfall happening over here. Every day I learn. In your world you have total and absolute power. Poor old tree.

We don't have to be concerned about it. We just have to let it fall where it will. Everybody needs a friend. I can't think of anything more rewarding than being able to express yourself to others through painting.

A fan brush can be your best friend. Paint anything you want on the canvas. Create your own world. Painting should do one thing. It should put happiness in your heart. There isn't a rule. You just practice and find out which way works best for you. You need the dark in order to show the light.

That's the way I look when I get home late; black and blue. Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends. This piece of canvas is your world.

Let's go up in here, and start having some fun Just let go - and fall like a little waterfall. Nothing wrong with washing your brush.

I sincerely wish for you every possible joy life could bring. We'll play with clouds today. It's hard to see things when you're too close. Take a step back and look. Trees get lonely too, so we'll give him a little friend.

We'll have a super time. Go out on a limb - that's where the fruit is. Just let your mind wander and enjoy. This should make you happy. The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe.

If you overwork it you become a cloud killer. There's nothing worse than a cloud killer. Let's make a happy little mountain now. Even the worst thing we can do here is good. The secret to doing anything is believing that you can do it. Anything that you believe you can do strong enough, you can do. Anything. As long as you believe. When you buy that first tube of paint it gives you an artist license.

We'll lay all these little funky little things in there. Maybe there's a happy little Evergreen that lives here. Everybody needs a friend. Maybe there's a little something happening right here. I thought today we would make a happy little stream that's just running through the woods here. Remember how free clouds are. They just lay around in the sky all day long.

It's a good way of getting rid of all your anxieties and hostilities. Let's go up in here, and start having some fun Zip. That easy.

Text generated with [https://www.bobrosslipsum.com/]
